---
layout: notes/post
date:   2015-05-07 23:59:00
category: notes

title: 100 Days of Color
source: http://100daysofcolor.tumblr.com/

image-name: 100_days.png
image-alt: One of Jaclyn's color palettes
---

Designer and artist Jaclyn Leneé is on a 100-day stretch doing a color palette everyday based on a different picture. See all of her palettes so far [on her Tumblr](http://100daysofcolor.tumblr.com/?ref=danielfosco-linklist).

_~~Update~~_

I reached out to Jaclyn [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/jaclynlenee) to ask a couple of questions about her inspiration and feelings around the project — see below:

>**What's your process for coming up with the color palette for each photograph?**
>
>**Jaclyn**: I'm delighted by color in everyday life. I snap photos of subjects and textures I find beautiful, and pull colors from them.
>
>**How does this project relates to the way you use color in your design work?**
>
>**Jaclyn:** I frequently look online for color inspiration. Since I started this project, I've pulled from my own palettes. It is satisfying to design with my own color stories, rather than use a palette from Kuler, or elsewhere.
>
>**Do you expect things to get... repetitive by the 100th day? How do you look for new subjects and/or diff results?**
>
>**Jaclyn:** I doubt it. Every image is different, the lighting different, the subject different. Endless possibilities. It is all about opening my eyes to the world around me. I take a lot of walks and keep my eyes peeled for color and texture.

I'd like to thank Jaclyn for taking the time to answer these questions -- great insights for anyone who wants to dive deeper into working with color <i class="twa twa twa-smiley"></i>